capital = 687
oob = "EFS_UC0075"
set_research_slots = 4

set_stability = 0.70
set_war_support = 0.15

if = {
	limit = {
		OR = {
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SI1
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SI2
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = ZEO
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SI4
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SI5
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SI6
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	acclimatization_tech = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	EFS_mbt1_tech = 1
	EFS_ac1_tech = 1
	vulcan_ac_tech = 1
	misile_ac1_tech = 1
	EFS_attack_helicopter_tech = 1
	EFS_scout_plane1_tech = 1
	EFS_fighter1_tech = 1
	EFS_attacker_tech = 1
	EFS_tactical_bomber1_tech = 1
	EFS_naval_bomber_tech = 1
	EFS_transporter1_tech = 1
	EFS_destroyer1_tech = 1
	EFS_smoke_generator = 1
	EFS_cruiser1_tech = 1
	EFS_improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	EFS_carrier1_tech = 1
	EFS_submarine1_tech = 1
	EFS_submarine_carrier1_tech = 1
	EFS_transport = 1
	EFS_basic_naval_mines = 1
	EFS_submarine_mine_laying = 1
	EFS_basic_battery = 1
	EFS_basic_secondary_battery = 1
	EFS_damage_control_1 = 1
	EFS_basic_torpedo = 1
	EFS_basic_light_battery = 1
	EFS_basic_light_shell = 1
	EFS_basic_medium_battery = 1
	EFS_basic_medium_shell = 1
	EFS_basic_heavy_battery = 1
	EFS_basic_heavy_shell = 1
	EFS_improved_secondary_battery = 1
	EFS_damage_control_2 = 1
	EFS_improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	EFS_improved_submarine_mine_laying = 1
	EFS_improved_naval_mines = 1
	EFS_magnetic_detonator = 1
	EFS_space_battleship1_tech = 1
	EFS_space_cruiser1_tech = 1
	minovsky_particle = 1
	i_field = 1
	mega_particle1 = 1
	atomic_research = 1
	nuclear_reactor = 1
	nukes = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	sup_delay = 1
	mobile_defence = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	bigship_principle
	mole_of_jablo
	hollowing_out_industry
	civilian_economy
	export_focus
	customs_duty_3
	oversea_army_3
	newtype_division_1
}

set_convoys = 3500
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_fuel_ratio = 0.8

#Diplomacy
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = federation_research
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 50
	supremacist = 20
	contolism = 0
	military_government = 30
	aristocracy = 0
	corporatism = 0
	communism = 0
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "74.12.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes ##suspended through duration of war, which is handled via event
}

set_country_flag = tem_is_ours
set_country_flag = {
	flag = lend_lease_to_vbc_value
	value = 0
}
set_variable = { newtype_accepted_status = 0 }

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = ZEO
	modifier = efsf_zeon_rival
}


recruit_character = EFS_eff_high_command
recruit_character = EFS_johann_a_revil
recruit_character = EFS_blex_forer
recruit_character = EFS_jamitov_hymen
recruit_character = EFS_space_supremacist_senator
recruit_character = EFS_gene_coliny
recruit_character = EFS_john_kowen
recruit_character = EFS_gopp
recruit_character = EFS_richard_barnes
recruit_character = EFS_james_booth
recruit_character = EFS_adenauer_paraya
recruit_character = EFS_elran_gfc
recruit_character = EFS_seki
recruit_character = EFS_mosk_han
recruit_character = EFS_tem_ray
recruit_character = EFS_stephan_hepbum
recruit_character = EFS_hawkins_marnery
recruit_character = EFS_bask_om
recruit_character = EFS_antonio_callas
recruit_character = EFS_isan_ryer
recruit_character = EFS_kojima
recruit_character = EFS_michael_colmatta
recruit_character = EFS_woody_malden
recruit_character = EFS_nakohha_nakato
recruit_character = EFS_matilda_ajan
recruit_character = EFS_ben_barberry
recruit_character = EFS_herman_yandell
recruit_character = EFS_arleen_nazon
recruit_character = EFS_green_wyatt
recruit_character = EFS_tianem
recruit_character = EFS_wakkein
recruit_character = EFS_paolo_cassius
recruit_character = EFS_eiphar_synapse
recruit_character = EFS_jamaican_daninghan
recruit_character = EFS_lead
recruit_character = EFS_gady_kinsey
recruit_character = EFS_yazan_gable
recruit_character = EFS_lila_milla_rira
recruit_character = EFS_you_kajima
recruit_character = EFS_master_p_rayer
recruit_character = EFS_south_burning
recruit_character = EFS_hugues_courand
recruit_character = EFS_astonaige_medoz
recruit_character = EFS_omle_fang
recruit_character = EFS_bright_noah
recruit_character = EFS_alice_miller
recruit_character = EFS_gidan_nickerd
recruit_character = EFS_federico_czariano
recruit_character = EFS_christina_mackenzie
recruit_character = EFS_henken_bekkener
recruit_character = EFS_shiro_amada
recruit_character = EFS_claudia_peer
recruit_character = EFS_amuro_ray
recruit_character = EFS_kou_uraki
recruit_character = EFS_io_fleming
recruit_character = EFS_sleggar_law
recruit_character = EFS_kai_shiden
recruit_character = EFS_ryu_jose
recruit_character = EFS_hayato_kobayashi
recruit_character = EFS_sayla_mass
recruit_character = EFS_karen_joshua
recruit_character = EFS_terry_sanders
recruit_character = EFS_eledore_massis
recruit_character = EFS_michel_ninorich
recruit_character = EFS_chuck_keith
recruit_character = EFS_bernard_monsha
recruit_character = EFS_alpha_bate
recruit_character = EFS_chap_adel
recruit_character = EFS_quattro_vageena

recruit_character = EFS_melanie_hue_carbine
recruit_character = EFS_won_lee
recruit_character = EFS_josef_eschonbach
recruit_character = EFS_stephanie_luio
recruit_character = EFS_kiki_rosita
recruit_character = EFS_torenov_y_minovsky
recruit_character = EFS_chlust_morses
recruit_character = EFS_nakamoto
recruit_character = EFS_dick_lumnba
recruit_character = EFS_nina_purpleton


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Alice Miller"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_alice_miller
		traits = { operative_master_interrogator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { EFS }
	}
}


create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Salamis Class"
	type = efsf_space_cruiser1_equipment
	name_group = EFS_SC_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = space_battery_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = space_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_space_engine_1
	}
	obsolete = no
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Magellan Class"
	type = efsf_space_battleship1_equipment
	name_group = EFS_SB_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = space_battery_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = space_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = space_engine_1
    front_1_custom_slot = space_battery_1
    mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
    mid_2_custom_slot = space_secondaries_1
	}
	obsolete = no
}

79.4.1 = {
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "RX-78-2 Gundam"
		type = rx78_equipment
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			mobilesuit_sensor_upgrade = 1
			mobilesuit_armor_upgrade = 1
			mobilesuit_generator_upgrade = 2
			mobilesuit_thruster_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
}
